Updates tCell Base URL and Authorization Header (#803)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rapid7_tcell/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.2 - Fixed base_url value and authorization header name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.2 - Update `base_url` and authentication method to use Rapid7 Insight platform
```
